Mapping the ACA Cycling Routes to Google Maps


Starting with the GPS data on the Adventure Cycling Association (ACA) website, the goal is to make a KMZ file that has the route data for all 22 ACA routes.  The KMZ format is necessary because it is what Google Maps will accept.

Here is a description of one procedure that will generate the desired KMZ file.

1.  Download the compressed GPX files for each of the 22 ACA routes from the Adventure Cycling Association website (http://www.adventurecycling.org/)

2.  For each of the 22 routes:
(a) un-zip and rearrange the files so that all of the GPX files for a route are in one folder
(b) select all of the GPX files for the route at once and import them into ExpertGPS
(c) in ExpertGPS choose "Routes" from the List pull-down menu
(d) in ExpertGPS's main pane, first select the routes listed and then right-click and select “View in Google Earth” from the pull-down menu
(e) in Google Earth evaluate the overall route just made
(f) in ExpertGPS massage the route data if necessary (see below) then view the results in Google Earth
(g) when pleased with the overall route as it appears in Google Earth, save the overall route as a KMZ file in Google Earth plus also save it as a GPX file in ExpertGPS

3.  Generate the composite file that includes all 22 ACA cycling routes:
(a) load each route individually (in KMZ format) into Google Earth
(b) rename the route (the ACA route name is an obvious choice) so each route has a unique name
(c) in the “Properties” menu for each route, make the line width a value less than 1.0 plus select a color for the route

4.  To complete the process save the set of routes as a KMZ file


Notes:
1. The primary software used in this effort was Google Earth and ExpertGPS map software.
2. Alternates to the main ACA cycling route are included when possible.  Alternate routes were only removed when they did not display correctly.
3. Most of the routes did not need modifications.  The typical problems encountered were gaps in the route or distant routepoints being improperly connected.  Most of these were resolved by removing a constituent route or by joining adjacent routes.


Kevin O'Leary
kevinoleary@warmshowers.org
November 10, 2011