
CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Update from Drupal 6 to Drupal 7 Instructions

 * Update Rules that use Workflow

UPDATE FROM DRUPAL 6 TO DRUPAL 7 INSTRUCTIONS
------------

Upgrading from 6 to 7 for Workflow using this module is fairly simple. The tables and formats of Drupal 6 configurations have not been changed, nor have the names of tokens or of Views filters and plug-ins.

The only major change in the Drupal 7 update was to the Rules integration of Workflow. The following steps should lead you through the process:

1) Follow the standard process of updating core from Drupal 6 to Drupal 7. This includes making sure you are on the latest version core for Drupal 6 and latest versions of all Drupal 6 modules. Turn off all contributed modules. Make backups of all files and database tables and run update.php. (See the directions at drupal.org for a more in-depth approach to this step.)

2) Remove the previous version of the Workflow module from your modules directory.

3) Unzip the updated version of Workflow and replace the old module.

4) Turn your modules back on and run update.php.

At this point your Workflows should be in place on your site. Assuming you are making use of the additional modules, your views will be using the updated View integrations for Workflow and Workflow Tokens will be in place.

UPDATE RULES THAT USE WORKFLOW
------------

Rules for Drupal 7 underwent major changes. Thankfully there is a built in update script for Rules to allow configurations created in previous versions of Rules to be updated and saved as new rules, but it is not perfect. To update your pre-existing Rules configurations that used Workflows:

1) Go to the Rules upgrade page at admin/config/workflow/rules/upgrade

2) Select the rule(s) you want to convert to the latest version of Rules

3) Under "Method" select "Convert configuration and save it". IMPORTANT: With the changes to Workflow's rules integration the configurations will not function properly on export / import. Save the configuration to the database to get around this.

4) IMPORTANT: Because the conversion is not perfect, check through each of your rules configurations for conditions and actions. You will need to change configurations for workflow states from "data selection" to "direct input" mode and re-configure the proper values to compare the given node against.

Updated to Drupal 7 by Bastlynn http://drupal.org/user/275249
